A template is a concept created to define how each content will appear on interfaces. A template's purpose is to change the document view without interfering with other fields on the pages. Colors, Theme, and Order are considered Layout topics, not template responsibilities.

To implement a template, a subfolder must be created within the GUI\Custom\ES\Template folder. This subfolder should be named according to the specified template, and a file named Default.html must be placed inside it.

One method for template selection involves passing "Template=" through the URL. The value transmitted via the URL will be stored in the browser.

A default template can be specified on a project basis by adding the definition "Template":" " under GenericSettings in project settings.

The template concept can be turned off by using the definition "DisableTemplate":true.

A single mandatory template can be defined for use in a project with the definition "ForceTemplate":" ". When this definition is applied, all other template determination methods are ignored.

The definition "Template":" " can be added under SystemJSONSettings to specify the default template for all projects.

If a value of "none" is used, it signifies that a template is not selected.

The Default.html file can contain HTML CSS, which may include script definitions. This HTML CSS can also load other CSS or scripts. Default.html can also include "dece-template" id values and functions.

Specific "dece-template" id values and functions that can be included in Default.html are: "geodi-template-default" for changing the appearance of a single content on the DLV home screen; "geodi-template" for changing the appearance of a single content on the screen in vertical lists; "geodi-template-hor" for changing the appearance of a single content on the screen in horizontal lists; "geodi-container-template-default" for changing the appearance of the Content and the entire list on the DLV main screen; "geodi-container-template" for changing the appearance of the content and the entire list in vertical lists; and "geodi-container-template-hor" for changing the appearance of the content and the entire list in horizontal lists.