All information, tables, comments, advice, and links on the DECE Software Inc. website are presented for information purposes. All reasonable effort was made to ensure that the information reflects the current situation accurately. The information on this website may be changed, corrected, or omitted at any time and without advance notification. DECE Software Inc. does not accept responsibility for direct or indirect results of such changes, misinterpretation of the information, unintentional incorrect information, damages or losses resulting from the information, from transactions conducted based on this information, from the inability to access the website, or from direct or indirect damages or losses arising from entering any website linked on this website or from the use thereof.

The information available on the DECE Software Inc. website may not be partially or completely copied, distributed, leased, reproduced, sublicensed, altered, kept for future use, used, or allowed to be used for any commercial purposes without the prior written consent of DECE Software Inc. The usage of any information on this website in violation of the laws and the rules indicated here, and distortion thereof in any way, will result in legal action. The copyright of the information and other material, including designs, pictures, and logos, belongs to DECE Software Inc. and may not be reproduced without prior written consent. Users visiting the website will be deemed to have accepted these conditions for all purposes and circumstances.

The Web Page Privacy Policy indicates the principles governing the collection and use of personal information presented to DECE Software Inc. in connection with website visits. All collected data is present in the DECE Software Inc. database. DECE Software Inc. may combine, check, and request verification of ID and other personal information if necessary. Personal information shall not be given to third parties in return for money or other benefits under any circumstances, and can only be used by DECE Software Inc. and its affiliates to give notification of the services provided by the group companies.

DECE Software Inc. automatically collects features such as visited sections and clicked areas while visitors browse the website. This data is used solely to detect viewing and following ratings of different areas. If "cookies" are used to detect how pages have been visited, the viewing and following ratings of the website are collected as statistical data. This practice is not directed against individual users; the technology aims to ensure it is easier for visitors to reach the content of sections they more frequently visit as of their first visit to the site. DECE Software Inc. does not accept responsibility for damages resulting from the usage of personal information within the framework of the aforementioned conditions. Those benefiting from services are deemed to have read and accepted all these conditions. DECE Software Inc. reserves the right to alter these explanations without advance notification.

The GEODI Online Connector Privacy Policy states that the GEODI application accesses the user’s documents, which are either local or online. The scope of this access is entrily determinde by the user. Users can search, examine, and work on these documents.

Regarding how information is used, DECE Software Inc. states that none of the information shared with them, including personal information and documents, is shared. Users will only see and use the data they integrate into GEODI. No other user will be able to access any of the information unless the owner wants to do so. User data will not be sold, will not be used for advertising, and will not be shared with other users or companies.

Under its data security policy, DECE Software Inc. undertakes to ensure that all activities are conducted effectively, correctly, rapidly, and securely. The company commits to abiding by all customer conditions and legal obligations. It also undertakes to be aware of all risks affecting the confidentiality, accessibility, and integrity of data belonging to the firm, its clients, suppliers, and business partners, and to manage these risks. Furthermore, DECE Software Inc. ensures full participation from the firm in continuous data security trainings and counseling to ensure a high level of awareness of data security within the firm, and to address data security systematically by establishing a structure that is constantly developing and improving and does not allow new risks to arise.

When a user stops using GEODI, it is the user’s choice to delete all or some parts of the data and/or information belonging to them. DECE Software Inc. does not keep a backup of this information.

GEODI's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.