Dece Software provides solutions including Search, Discover, Mask, and Classify, along with the GEODI Platform. The company offers support, live project assistance, and need analysis. Resources available from Dece Software include blogs, bulletins, success stories, webinars, support and technical documentation, and developer resources.

Smart Municipalities are the primary users of GEODI and MOBIDI, utilizing all of Dece Software's Smart City solutions. The low-code nature of these products enables adaptation to the specific needs of each municipality. GEODI and MOBIDI also feature powerful integration options, allowing them to work with existing municipal systems such as CRM, MIS, and GIS.

Dece Software's references include entities from the private sector and state agencies. These references are the Croatia Ministry of Agriculture, Vakıfbank, National Budget Office of Nigeria, Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources, Saudi Finance Company, Al Tijaria, Topnet, National Finance of Omman, Palestine Investment Bank, Vakıf Katılım, Iron Mountain, Ziraat Katılım, Verifone, Green Crescent, Kahve Dünyası, Gelecek Varlık, ICT Authority, Ministry of Trade, Carrefoursa, Teknosa, Istanbul Chamber of Industry, Koton, Turkey Coal Enterprises, Unifree Duty Free, The North Marmara Motorway, and Türk Nippon Insurance.

Specific municipal and administrative references for Dece Software include Ankara Metropolitan Municipality, Çiğli Municipality, Ordu Metropolitan Municipality, Kayseri Metropolitan Municipality, Aksaray Municipality, Sincan Municipality, Kartal Municipality, Karabağlar Municipality, Bodrum Municipality, Artvin Special Provincial Administration, Mersin Water and Sewerage Administration, Melikgazi Municipality, Mersin Metropolitan Municipality, Gaziantep Metropolitan Municipality, Artvin Municipality, and Eskişehir Metropolitan Municipality.

Dece Software offers data protection solutions, which include Search, Discover, Mask, Encrypt, and Classify functionalities. The company states that they protect user data.

Contact information for Dece Software is available via info@decesoftware.com. Other available links include About-Us, Blog, Bulletins, Webinars, Integrations, Career, and Privacy Policy.